=Introduction=

Version 1.2 of the engine focuses on the development of the many things.

Items now have functionality and can be equipped, battles attacks and
spells are able to have animations, there was plenty of cleanup to the code
as well as making it more generic for use in other games, and all the menus
of the main menu system are accessible and functioning (minus spells and
items having a use in the menu).  Overall, the main goal of this version
was to polish and complete as many of the previous systems as possible
in order to have a presentable demo of the game for Too Many Games 2012.

==STARTING THE GAME==

Just a heads up, input is done using the arrow keys and X (A button), Z (B button),
Function keys START (S), SELECT (A), Quick Save (F5), Quick Load (F6), and
Soft Reset (F8).

Upon starting the game, the intro will display the story fading in line by
line, just like how the classic FF games presented their story.  You can
speed through this line by line by pressing the A button, or you can skip
straight to the title screen by pressing START.

From the title screen you can choose to start a new game (continue is not
yet working).  Once you start a new game, party creation will start.  This
is no different than before.

==A NEW(ER) WORLD AWAITS!==

After picking your characters, you'll be plopped right into the test world.
This time the map is of custom design of the Everfree Forest.

No NPCs in this test because they were still not fully functional or worked on.
However, since this is the Everfree Forest, Zecora's shop is present on the
second map screen!  Inside Zecora's tree house you can buy Potions (cast
CURE on a single ally), Brews (cast Fire on a single foe), and Muffins (cast CURE
on all allies).  You start off the game with 500 G so you can buy a few of each.

Along the way to that shop, you'll most likely encounter a few battles.  Drink
and Item are now functioning.  Item allows you to select a piece of equipment
to use.  If the equipment has a battle function (some accessories will) it will
be executed for the player's turn.  Drink allows you to use your consumable/
battle usable items that are in the inventory.

Order scene and even the menu have been expanded capability wise to support
looking at parties and reordering parties of more than 4 players.  If you press
F1 for Developer test mode you will have one member of each class type, and
then you can reorganize the party however you want.  This is great for games
where people might want to develop it to have more than 4 characters in your
party (like a FF4 clone).

That's it to playing Version 1.2.  Have fun and enjoy making new content for
the engine.

