=Introduction=

Version 1.1 of the engine focuses on the development of the Environment
exploration system of FF1 for the NES.  It's a tile based system where
walking around is done within blocks that are 16x16.

Wandering around the starting map in different locations can cause different
encounters and at different rates.  For example, Forests have a much higher 
encounter rate than walking around in grass.

==STARTING THE GAME==

Just a heads up, input is done using the arrow keys and X (A button) and
Z (B button).  New to this are the Function keys START (S) and SELECT (A). 

Upon starting the game, the intro will display the story fading in line by
line, just like how the classic FF games presented their story.  You can
speed through this line by line by pressing the A button, or you can skip
straight to the title screen by pressing START.

From the title screen you can choose to start a new game (continue is not
yet working).  Once you start a new game, party creation will start.  This
is no different than before.

==A NEW WORLD AWAITS!==

After picking your characters, you'll be plopped right into the test world.
For now it looks identical to the original FF1 map, this will change in the
future as more content is changed.

Walking around can be done using the arrow keys.  Interacting with the test
NPCs that are around don't really do too much, they don't have dialog.  A
few tiles south of where you start will teleport you to the top-left portion
of the map.  Also, if you find Derpy, talk to her and you'll get to buy
some items which don't do anything yet, but hey, you can hold items!  That's
a plus, right?

If you wander around enough you'll encounter an enemy formation.  Fighting
is the same as before, a little polish here and there has been done to it
to make it more pixel perfect.  Running away from the battle or winning the
battle will take you back to the map.

Some other fun things about the map, if you press SELECT, you can cycle
through your party for your sprite representative member.  Pressing START
will take you into the menu screen where you can view your items, see the
basic stats of your character, and see how much G you have.  Battle rewards
do not yet take effect so winning G from a battle won't show up yet.

That's it to playing Version 1.1.  Have fun and enjoy making new content for
the engine.

