=Introduction=

Version 1.0 of the engine focuses on the development of the BattleSystem
GUI created for it aimed to be pixel perfect to the NES version of FF1,
to make things interested, all jobs and sprites are My Little Pony themed.

In the battle system, players can encounter formations of enemies.  The
abilities that players are capable of using are determined by their jobs
which are exact replicas of the FF1 jobs, growth curves and damage calculation
completely intact.  Enemies only have extremely basic AI which involves
select a random target that is alive and attack it.  There are no spells yet,
in the future the AI will be made a little bit smarter to reflect FF1 NES.

==STARTING THE GAME==

Just a heads up, input is done using the arrow keys and X (A button) and
Z (B button).

Upon starting up the game, the player will automatically be presented with
the party creation scene.  Saving data and parties is not yet implemented
so you must start with a new party every time you play.  The creation scene
allows the player to select 4 members of any of the 6 job types (The 4 warriors
of Light).  Jobs are dynamicly generated code made completely customizable
through modding the files in the data/actors/jobs directory.  Content
developers will be able to add more jobs in the future with ease by following
the current model.

Selecting your jobs is identical to the NES version.  Pressing an arrow button,
not matter which one, will advance you through the list of jobs.  Pressing A
will select the job, be careful because you can't take back the decision.
After selecting the job for the character, you will be presented with a table
of letters and symbols.  Select the letters to name your character, each character
is limited to a name of only 4 letters long.

==ENGAGE THE ENEMY!==

After picking the jobs and naming all 4 of your characters, your party will be
thrown into a battle to show off the system in its current state.  By default,
you will be thrown into a battle against Nightmare Moon (Garland FF1).  Black
Mages and Red Mages will have level 1 offensive magic, White Mages and Red Mages
will both know CURE.  CURE will heal on average 10-20 hp, FIRE/ICE/ELEC should
do 10-20 damage.

Equipment/Items have not yet been implemented.  This means all your characters
are fighting bare handed.  This is not a problem for Fighters which are strong
to begin with, and Black Belts whose unarmed attack power is equal to his level*2.
Mages with offensive magic should be very helpful in the battle.  Only one who is
no real help is Thief since the battle is in-escapable and thiefs only really do
good damage if they have a decent weapon equipped due to their ability to almost
always critical hit with a weapon at higher levels.

Some invigorating music plays during battle, but looping has not yet been figured
out, and character sprites are animated, though all the sprites have not yet been
drawn for the demo.  Attack sprites are not yet implemented nor is victory or 
low hp sprites/animations.  All you'll see in this are standing and walking animation.
Dead sprites are not yet drawn so the character should "disappear" on death, really
the code is there to show the proper sprite, it just doesn't exist so it doesn't render.

Battle executes as follows:
	Step 1: Select commands for each party member, different commands affect speed of
			execution with spells taking more time to execute than attacking.
	Step 2: Battle advances through actor queue and executes the active actor's command
	Step 3: Results of the command are displayed on the screen
	Step 4: Battle queue advances
	Step 5: Do some checks
			If all party members are dead go to Game Over
			else if all formation members are dead go to Victory
			else if queue is empty go back to issuing commands to members still alive
			else execute step 2 until queue is empty

Input is just like normal, A button will select the command and then the target.  B button
will cancel selecting the command/target, if it's in the main command window (the one
listing Attack, Run, etc.) then it will back up to the previous actor.  

**Do not pick ITEM, it is currently unimplemented and will cause the battle to crash in menu selection.**
**Drink is not functional as well because drink depends on Items**

Upon game over or victory, a message will display and then the engine will end itself.
Once further developed, gold will be awarded to the party on victory and exp will be 
distributed to players, leading to possible level up for them, then displaying all the 
stat increases the player gets for advancement.

